Hash Table
	Verifying an Alien Dictionary
	subarray-sum-equals-k/
	Dot Product of Two Sparse Vectors
Array
	Leftmost Column with at Least a One
	Product of Array Except Self
	subarray-sum-equals-k
	Dot Product of Two Sparse Vectors
	Merge Intervals
String
	Add Strings
	Valid Palindrome II
	Minimum Remove to Make Valid Parentheses
	Add Binary
	Integer to English Words
	Read N Characters Given Read4 II - Call multiple times
	Valid Number
	Valid Palindrome
Stack
	Minimum Remove to Make Valid Parentheses
	Exclusive Time of Functions
	Binary Search Tree Iterator
Tree
	Binary Tree Right Side View
	Binary Tree Maximum Path Sum
	Convert Binary Search Tree to Sorted Doubly Linked List
	Vertical Order Traversal of a Binary Tree
	Range Sum of BST
	Serialize and Deserialize Binary Tree
	Closest Binary Search Tree Value
	Binary Search Tree Iterator
LinkedList
	Convert Binary Search Tree to Sorted Doubly Linked List
Graph
	Remove Invalid Parentheses
	Alien Dictionary
	Accounts Merge
Trie
	Design Add and Search Words Data Structure
Sort And Search
	First Bad Version
	Random Pick with Weight
	 K Closest Points to Origin
	Pow(x, n)
Divide And Conquer /Heap
	Kth Largest Element in an Array
DP
	Continuous Subarray Sum
Two Pointers
	Interval List Intersections


Intrinsic motivations 
Empathy
Ability to be proactive; get started
Perseverance, works past obstacles; finishes
Able to work in an unstructured environment
Conflict resolution
Growth
Communication skills

I would like to work on facebook Marketing API. How it empowers businesses and reaches the right demographic to sell their products.
My current company has marketed on facebook adn instagram and got many agents signed up in return.
I know that facebook is tries out diff permutations of . 
optimize in real time seamless  reporting and analytics
Automate Ad Management
Drive workflow efficiency and build functionality that goes beyond manual ads management.
Seamlessly create multiple ad templates at once to test different creative, bidding, or tagging strategies using our AdCopy API & Batch API.
Control over your brand and content
Leverage Dynamic Creative
Find the most effective creative for your target audience by automatically creating different permutations. Keep things fresh by implementing creative rotation.

 Easier sharing experience for your users

It also provides good reporting and analytics. So that the client can knaw exact stats and how he is benefitting. 
	
	Facebook has been always part of my life.
 
 
 
When I was in bachelors it helped me connect with my long lost friends from my school! when I was pursing masters, it helped me make new connections with people from my college before and after I landed here. I helped me keep my connection with my family who are not at all tech savvy but know only how to use WhatsApp.
Apart from that, I use and love Facebook open sourced projects like React, pytorch etc which makes me thing that it has strong engineering culture

Tommy S
What are expectations for a rotational engineer?
show in 4 mnths  for high functional E4 level. Let Manager know that you want to graduate early that will effect the project you receive
Find people to who can help you with complexity

During evaluation, what are the that I would be evaluated against?
lines of codes
no of diffs you commit
how fast you to write 
find a E4 engineer and and keep as ur benchmark. in terms of above tp know how you are doing

Is there any other suggestion you have based on your experience?
select somthing which is not radical diff from what you do
if no java available , chose someting you can learn easily
impact does not matter in rotational, 
less impact teams:
internal tools - iteration is faster, but less impact - lets you move faster, and graduate
impact team - not imp but added chery on top 
impact team - more time, more complicated

two imp roles  - manager(makes the report) and mentor(lets ur manger know abt performance)
mentor - let him know your ideas technical
manager - whom to ask what non technical

If there is something , I am struggling with in the work. Can I take help and ask doubts?
bootcamp tells you how to ask questions
mentor - dont ask too much. if you spending > 2 hrs ask some one your mentor or other team mate
ask bootcamp people (technical)
dont hesitate to ask - not getting things done and not asking question is much worse

Hm aisa mujhe 3 years hai visa po

regeret - locked in this 
You can chose a team .inisit on it
